hey youtube this is next charge again
and this is the status of a drive review
1.5 basically there's just a different
fortunately attack from the previous
video I just well basically took your
feedback and made it a bit more a bit
better I guess yeah so we step the same
real ID tree ducky shree watery too
windy to fiery to witches whatever that
in a mine to cyber very the new well
yeah I kind of monitor that I remove
chaos sorcerer and there's only one
breaker for the field spell there's two
secret village and one fortunate vision
basically it's a few combination one
fortune vision and to secret village
basically secret village is kinda better
than fortune vision cause fortune vision
it may slow a lot of the swamp decks
normal summon but there's still a lot of
special some windex out there then it's
mostly used to help like the end of game
mechanic engine fortune ladies to unity
or family there's nothing wrong with
tree actually but I near make space for
a larger cuts inside the magical
dimension one reasoning cause reasoning
is because they're all the fortune is
have different levels and yep well the
song strategy or would you take if they
call it right as yeah 1141 basically you
bring out cyber very and light the heavy
storm to twist of fate to bottomless to
compulsory basically the traps are the
same to the right
Air Force and caught hunted which is
good if you change all the hunter now
against the MST and bring back lady and
yeah
so now we move on to the Gemini Dec 1
Phoenix gr 33 electro-optic chal ova 3
dot valkyria 22 magician is Gemini
figures he'll become with you enough to
play swing butterfly to cut I cannot
pronounce the name cut one chat onian
Emperor dragon from tactical evolution
one crimson red theme fighter I guess
yeah it's like he is almost like calm
dragon dumps all summoning you have new
near have exactly three normal monsters
you know grief yet and rough to to
special summon him once but then you can
special summon a level-4 Lord normal
monster from your graveyard to the field
excellent if you have great great rap
control by his attack and defense is so
not well not best for level 61 woodland
hotcha went out three or more normal
sissy-ography you can throw some in this
card you can tribute this cut to search
your deck for Gemini monster once and
gun on car trouble now move on to spells
tresa purvis which is a very good equip
card for jungle a tree swing of memory
which is basically i'm spamming all the
revival engines in here to dragons
mirror for rap tennis which we'll see
later on also power grid control in a
sense to arms hall which is tom so
doctor from your doctor if you search
your graveyard or your deck for equips
bell by doing this time you can normal
summon or set two Gemini's spark should
be one level for gemini monster to
destroy kinda feel and draw and cut
basically this is like fish depth charge
for Gemini one indestructible power the
structure lower indestructible true
strength is like calls the mummy for
Gemini but the Gemini must be like level
for law
yeah basically your porn has boxes and
go f monsters you can spare some a level
4 or lower Gemini monster to the field
the one heavy stone tree buff right
which is again spamming all the revival
engine the back are several times in bed
to justy bricks which is like more
fossil gemini also this yeah come on
cyberduck olympic but no one really
wanted much i guess one mirror force
when torrential and one called haunted
so yeah that's a Gemini deck sorry it's
a bit jumbled up yeah
and it is just the site day I don't have
the the synchro monster for Gemini but
the link to it will be in the sidebar so
yeah thanks for watching